Halli hello and welcome to one
new video yes it's that time again
I apologize for that
Now I think it's almost a week ago
maybe too low and we go up
one with a player review too naive me
Here I had said yes I do that
would like to show a weak light one
special regulation 89 speed 81 shot 87
dribbling 80 and 80 physicists read
vegas where 80 physicists on the small
man of the single player 1910 templates
but I had said that I already
Eleven games or sometime ten
has done with the other and games
Here you can see the strength of the little one
fig here is icy cold 90 that is the
worth the most we will be surprised
has and has put his in games one
fernschuss believes 97 firepower high
dribbling good passing game and yes how
said a lot more beautiful cinemas high
medium working rate so left foot everything
wonderful as we come to here
but i want to speak before
say I had written on facebook
But I had the week now
no videos especially because with me yet
The semester clearly came into being
and yes they were all relatively timely
Because of that , I did not have any
time ever to play fifa or
of course that also means that
then no videos can do in the
time and that means that I stop
could not upload anything
I wrote this on facebook
you will probably get that
know who does not follow it he has to stop
either he should go through facebook then
following where I write it updates
or he has to live with that one stop
Something does not come or information
however we are gone now
grand rapids semester holidays and the
means it should really only now
not so big anymore
delays come as it is now
one was yes otherwise you flies that
here is a forest russells this
week it was the same three opponents
get off last since quite cool
So I think that's it to wear
awesome thing three people easy
So let's get off the big one
The strength of Wickie is sure to be
tempo cohesion with his dribbling
really really hard
stop if you go with him completely her
Do you also see from the gates where I am
not really global but easy
just a bit towards the rear or
just as you count in this example
even if a bit spring in it
but yes he is just not
stop if you just go
race with the then comes this 90th
of course you strengthen that with such a
small fast dribbler super
can exploit
The course makes all the more more
you have to say something more dangerous
that's really phenomenal then
Overall he has a good passing game
Outstanding world class but he has yes
even just 81 fit or 80 fit or
But that's not what he has to do
is even from home striker even
the class still play as tens because
yes all kz as a striker then but one
works a bit better if you
the two together put a tick tack and
nevertheless a very decent game
you can see again here in this one
example as he works scene a lot
very good and at his dribbling I would have
said its pace also ready and
then comes his own power
and his graduation is just now
ten started here as well
beautiful lupfer looks easy
Gorgeous out of the most gates shoots
You just have to say that you will
no alcohol and see how the wii has
certainly not the world's best long
black you can live but this 97th
firepower let one thoroughly
remove the smartphone from 20 meters and
tell and, above all, completely
shoot strong free kicks I have two
three, unfortunately, you will believe
I only see a maximum of two of them
because a little something is fair and
Unfortunately, my video traces god
but the animal is fine too
many templates makes so all the gates
not be shot by four in the
he has prepared everyone for the video gallery
Here's another example of being here
dribbling pace and yes then again
So it really is a very complete one
very tight according to a good 10 hdmi use
I could do it sooner than ten
Stake as a striker come here
Again, this can easily be this tempo
excepted the midfield
Take advantage of the word and you
achieve goal and yes he does not cost more
so much time 50,000 or saucen rot and
for what you have seen everything
I think that's anything but
poorly invested money but very much
very good year to complete
this beautiful free kick goal of 430
meter 790 firing power shows up there
definitely has a perfect in the corner
according to her all access yes only
Please do not like proven
otherwise forget otherwise
otherwise could not be otherwise for
us next video again
I probably think career again
or so, yes, something is now
the days are coming again and yes I should
still somehow in other regions last
do not know until next time un
boss left